what's up man what's up people it's the
lot the dark five or 77 comparing at
psp-3000 revved up on the back see them
rack up things and a fake PSP which is
super light actually it's good only for
the games it sucks
now everything in it is cool yeah like
some side they got here some features
they're not happy and they even got here
lots of features that they don't have
you yeah now from the back they will
look a little bit not the same now a
little bit the same and not the same
here they got camera the funny thing it
says that it's a 10 megapixel camera I
don't know if you can see it or not but
it says video 10 megapixel camera and
it's it would be bigger than Samsung
Galaxy yes more pixels oh my god now
here they don't have a camera in the
back
they got again this slide which they
don't have here because it's because you
only download things on it it's really
an NES game system but it looks like a
PSP yeah and then you got here oh I
discovered something just like the
PlayStation up here yeah then he they
got the USB slot which they got in the
UH the but up right here and but here
they got the on the TV slot TV outside
yeah TV outside and the headphone slot
two slots for them yeah they both
awesome now yeah we're gonna figure out
what the difference in them first
difference the way you turn it on the to
turn on that you just move that up and
they will turn it on it'll tell you
about the green thing here wait I'll
turn it off
first you move that thing then you hold
the on start button
oh yeah we didn't talk about the buttons
here they got all the ones here here
they only got two of them because they
don't has a playstation home right here
then I have the DOS right here I don't
even have the volume buttons right here
piece of crap more like a piece of
stop cursing when in a video on YouTube
how and here they got the start set
start and select buttons down here just
like in the veto actually just like the
version of the video right here just
like it when they thought about the
video the first features another game
think about removing the buttons but the
first look of it yeah they got camera
this thought about camera at the video
and a microphone of course some of you
might think that it's not because it
looks exactly nothing like those made of
Vita yeah but he's a man in Japan
that's why not some people think it is
right now the home screen in here looks
different don't from the one in here
actually it's look the same but here you
can make it different is all to enter in
circles you call it suck oh whatever
yeah just press circle and then a check
mark right here that will be just like
you're having a small fee yeah it's not
touch too bad I can't really touch about
moving it yeah I want that one it will
open I had a feature that I'm missing
here are yeah yeah wait it's about to be
able to follow us in part 2